at the airport thanks for rich though
for driving us away we didn't have to
sit on the stinky train and it was most
terrible falling asleep yeah it was
terrible
it's not gonna be fun I earn me a fun
plane ride you learn for the most
English thing you could find huevos
rancheros or wrench has a full English
she's Elise thanks and I got nothin oh
no good news everybody
the flights been delayed until 1:45 it
is now nine o'clock oh the joys still
delayed until 1:45 no news oh wait we do
have news right the undercarriage was
messed up so they're switching up the
plane for another plan yeah there's a
guy dressed up like the Virgin Atlantic
stewardess I'm finally out by airplane
that is a big plane one last look at
England see you guys later
that blue tried super that blue sky
trying to peek through I hope you guys
can see that he's been moving those
things around it's like a remote-control
car
but it's pretty awesome like watch he
can move that one around on its own
is awesome
still spinning around everything just
want to go home we're supposed to leave
at 11:00
hello me
no it slowly civilization
more enrages Oh take your shirts off
Florida how I miss you
you know we're back in Florida we made
it that guys are welcoming crew Oh back
home all right yay now it's time for the
first shower in two days I'll see you
guys tomorrow one now it's time to pay
the price